笙ｪDuring the dark night笙ｪ
笙ｪA guiding light笙ｪ
笙ｪJust like you笙ｪ
笙ｪMakes life turn bright笙ｪ
笙ｪBreaking free from darkness笙ｪ
笙ｪYou gave me strength笙ｪ
笙ｪRunning for truth笙ｪ
笙ｪI find my path笙ｪ
笙ｪDrawing on the hope笙ｪ
笙ｪThat you render me笙ｪ
笙ｪIn this long journey笙ｪ
笙ｪI run on lightly笙ｪ
[Reborn]
[Adapted from Qiang Yu's work, Reborn]
[Class 5 Grade 3, Senior High]
[Make your dreams come true.]
Hard work and persistence
will change your life
and help you achieve your dreams.
Everyone, the NCEE isn't the end,
[Let your grit shine.]
but your first step
[Make your dreams come true.]
into adulthood.
Thus, the coming year
is of great importance.
I hope you all work hard,
and push yourselves even further.
Only by giving it your all
will you make the most of your youth.
- Give it my all with no regrets!
Good.
Now, let's look at our textbook.
We'll start the first lesson
of the third year of high school.
Before we get started,
let's go over the plan for the year.
Qingyu, what was your answer
to the last multiple-choice question?
I chose A and C.
I don't remember.
What about the last question
for Comprehensive Science?
Did you get it?
Yes, I did.
Can you explain it to me?
Okay.
I just can't figure it out.
Sure.
Can we not talk about the exams
during lunch break?
It's annoying.
Ignore her, Qingyu.
Exactly. Keep work and life balanced.
Just take a break.
Qiao Qingyu!
Go see Mr. Sun in his office.
Mr. Sun.
Oh, Qingyu.
You asked for me?
Yeah.
Your dad called.
Hello?
Qing?
Um...
I'm
on my way back to Nanqiao Village.
Your grandpa passed away.
Qing, are you listening?
Yes.
I left the key to the drawer at home
with Qiao Huan.
Grab the passbook when you get home.
Get Yu tonight
to come back
to Nanqiao Village together.
[Passbook]
[Episode 20]
[Fanghao Unleashed]
Dad and Mom had told
Grandma and Grandpa
about Qiao Beiyu's funeral.
I remember
it was the Chinese New Year's Eve.
It was still dark outside
when we got to Shunyun Funeral Parlor.
We waited for a long time,
but no one showed up.
We had to book the farewell hall
at the funeral parlor in advance.
But we missed the timing
because we waited
for Grandpa and Grandma.
In the end, Qiao Beiyu was cremated
without a proper wake.
Do you think at the time,
our grandparents
and uncles
were seated around a table
for the reunion dinner as usual?
I guess it was a good thing
they didn't show up.
It saved her from one last scolding.
Six...
Ah, I'm drawing a tile.
Here it is.
Wow.
Listen,
I'm going to win
with how the game is going today.
Is that so? Don't be so sure.
You never know.
I have a feeling
that my luck is better
than Yanfen's today.
Let's see who's more lucky.
It's not down to luck.
Today, when I left home,
a bird was chirping above me.
Yu, Qing.
Come in. Quick.
Let me take your things.
Go and pay respect to Grandpa.
Go on.
Hurry up.
Dad.
Here you are.
Go ahead.
Here.
Yu.
You are now the Qiaos' eldest grandson.
You have a great responsibility.
From tonight to dawn tomorrow,
you'll have to keep watch
over Grandpa's wake.
During the funeral procession tomorrow,
you'll follow behind Uncle Haisheng,
carrying Grandpa's portrait.
Got that?
Hmm.
All right, keep that in mind.
One character tile.
Self-drawn.
My goodness, your luck is incredible!
Told you.
Here.
Here you go.
South Wind.
You're going to lose the Wind.
Go ahead with the South.
Here.
Drink up.
Help yourself.
Come on.
Thanks.
Fanghao.
Yes?
Get us some hot water.
Okay.
We're hungry. Make some noodles for us.
Oh, I have to check on Mom later.
I'll cook for you after that.
Fanghao,
your family has been running
the noodle shop for a long time.
I've been wanting to try your cooking.
What would you like? Feel free to order.
Never mind. It's too much hassle.
There's plenty of alcohol today.
Let's keep it lively
in such an occasion.
Fanghao.
Coming.
I'm coming, Mom.
Fanghao...
It's too bothersome.
We just asked her a small favor,
and look how annoyed she is.
What is her problem?
Yanfen, Jinrui's grandfather
had been sick for a long time.
She had to take care of everything.
Give her a break, won't you?
No one forced her.
She did it willingly.
Exactly. Every family has its elders.
It is indeed exhausting.
Okay, let's keep playing.
Whose turn is it?
It's my turn.
Mom.
Why are you still up?
The noise kept me awake.
I thought
you were coming back
to take care of Grandma.
Why are you doing
everything around the house?
There's
no difference.
Nothing to complain about.
They're taking advantage of you
and you're just letting it happen.
I've long come to my senses.
People live
to suffer.
You can't run from the inevitable,
so you just endure it.
When the time comes
for you to leave the world,
you'll be free.
Your sister was freed.
And now your grandpa is too.
How is Mom?
She just fell asleep.
She's not eating much though.
Gosh, people always talk about
the importance of elderly companionship.
Now Dad is gone and Mom is left alone.
How will she live her days now?
Well, Fanghao,
why don't you sit down
and rest for a bit?
I'm good.
You've done so much.
Haisheng, just be frank.
Now that everyone's here,
I want to discuss Mom's future care.
Since Dad passed,
she's been bedridden
after suffering a shock.
What should we do now?
Oh.
Here, Haisheng.
Here are Mom's living expenses
for the next six months.
It's not about the money.
More importantly,
your wife has been looking after Mom
for a long time.
We're worried changing caretakers
will upset her routine.
Okay. Qingyu is sitting
for the NCEE next year.
I can come back after
and take care of Mom.
Since you two are busy,
we'll look after Mom for now.
But make sure you give us
the monthly allowance.
Anyway, we'd be taking care
of her final days.
Also,
before he died,
Dad said he wanted Jinrui
to have this house.
You guys are fine with that, right?
Fine with me.
Okay.
There's one more thing.
People are saying that our family
has met with constant misfortune
because something went wrong
with the ancestral grave.
What's wrong?
It's because of Qiao Beiyu.
Let's
set a date
to move Bei's ashes
from the ancestral grave.
Move her?
Where can she go?
Just so you know,
relocating her is a necessity.
She should blame herself
for messing things up
since such a young age.
If you had asked me, she shouldn't have
been buried at the ancestral grave.
Look for a lake or river to...
Chen Yanfen.
Say it again. I dare you.
So what?
She is a jinx!
Say that again.
She is dead and yet she's...
What are you doing?
Don't get physical!
Mom! Mom!
What are you doing?
Lusheng, stop your wife!
Are you mad?
Get over here!
Stop fighting!
Mom! Mom!
Mom! Qiao Beiyu hated Nanqiao Village!
Forget about the genealogy book
and ancestral grave!
We don't need any of them!
We'll take Beiyu away.
Fine.
We'll relocate the grave.
[To Qiao's Handmade Noodle House]
Dad, Mom.
I know you've worked tirelessly
to raise our family.
When I grow up,
I will find a good job
so that you two can live a happy life.
I don't want you two
to have to work so hard.
I miss you.
[To Qiao's Handmade Noodle House]
[Happy birthday]
Some say,
[To our beloved daughter Qiao Beiyu]
if life could be exchanged,
heaven would be filled with parents.
Our parents, through their own ways,
both clumsy and stubborn,
have always protected us
no matter what happens.
Their love is silent but profound.
Sometimes it feels overwhelming,
yet it's the same love
that gives us the strength
to overcome the challenges
of growing up.
[Tomb of Our Beloved Daughter]
I desperately longed
[Qiao Beiyu]
to escape this family,
but that feeling is gone now.
This east-facing spot
has fresh air, and a beautiful view.
Qiao Beiyu would love it here.
Hi
everyone,
this is my sister. She's new here.
You all will be neighbors.
Please take care of her.
Please.
Come help out.
Please...
Beiyu.
This place is nice, isn't it?
Your dad and I have thought it through.
Your siblings are right.
Home is wherever we are.
This place is close to Huanzhou.
That means
we'll be able to visit you often.
Beiyu, if you need anything,
you can tell us in our dreams.
No, I'm too chicken.
Don't come into my dreams.
Go tell Qingyu instead.
To be honest, for the past few days,
I kept thinking about our childhood.
If I could go back,
wouldn't it be nice to take another look
at Qiao Beiyu then?
Qiao Beiyu.
Qiao Beiyu!
When you escaped Nanqiao Village
for Shunyun,
you were wearing very little.
Weren't you cold?
Jinrui let you down.
Uncle Haisheng and Aunt Yanfen
blamed you.
You must feel so angry.
You found out you were sick
and went to the hospital alone.
You must have been so scared.
I'm sorry, Qiao Beiyu.
I wish I could be by your side too.
I miss you, Beiyu.
[Half a year later]
[Huanzhou Detention Center]
Welcome back, Hei!
[Qiao Qingyu]
[To Qiao Qingyu]
Qingyu, I hope all's well with you.
When you're reading this letter,
I suppose the new term has started.
Life in university has been
more hectic than I expected.
Nevertheless, it's very fulfilling.
[Yanbei University, Beining]
笙ｪBirds take a fly笙ｪ
笙ｪRaise me up, hold me high笙ｪ
笙ｪOnly you笙ｪ
笙ｪDuring the dark night笙ｪ
Pay attention, guys.
This is an archaic form
of the character "fa."
*["Fa" means laws.]
It's made up of several parts.
Now look.
The three dots on the left side
represent water.
A leveled bowl of water
symbolizes fairness.
As for the character on the right side,
most people may not know it.
It's pronounced "zhi"
and means "solution."
笙ｪRunning for truth笙ｪ
笙ｪI find my path笙ｪ
I'm off. Bye.
Mom.
笙ｪDrawing on the hope笙ｪ
Mom found work at the school
as a cleaner.
The pay is minimal,
but it's enough
to cover our daily expenses.
Back in high school,
I cared too much
about how people saw me,
and was afraid to show
the less favorable sides
of my life to the public.
People from all walks of life
are striving to do better here.
It made me believe
that my own future
was full of possibilities.
I feel my will reignited,
and my fighting spirit brimming.
Things are looking up.
By the way, Qingyu,
your birthday is around the corner.
I've got you a little surprise.
You said you wanted
to grant Beiyu's wish, right?
笙ｪBirds take a fly笙ｪ
笙ｪRaise me up, hold me high笙ｪ
笙ｪOnly you笙ｪ
笙ｪDuring the dark night笙ｪ
I used your performance clip
to apply
for the Starry Cup Dance Competition.
You've passed the audition.
The competition
will be held in Jiangzhou.
Whether or not you're going,
it's up to you.
What are you reading?
Notice of finalists for the 7th
Starry Cup Dance Competition.
[Starry Cup Dance Competition]
[Qiao Qingyu, qualified]
Wow, Qiao Qingyu.
You did this without telling us.
Mumu signed me up.
I haven't made up my mind yet.
Well, you should totally go.
I remember your sister also
made it into this dance competition.
It's too bad she didn't take part.
If she knew you were a finalist,
I'm sure she'd be overjoyed.
But the competition date
is just around the corner.
I haven't prepared anything
in terms of choreography
or outfit.
Don't worry. Leave it to us.
Qingyu, take a look at this version.
I redesigned the bodice
to accentuate your waist.
As for the skirt,
I think a big, loose skirt is better.
Let's have some drinks.
笙ｪYou opened a window笙ｪ
Yours.
Thanks.
笙ｪI saw hope outside the window笙ｪ
笙ｪYou said something
I couldn't understand笙ｪ
笙ｪAnd I realized my desire笙ｪ
笙ｪYou lit up a lamp笙ｪ
笙ｪI saw the light笙ｪ
笙ｪYou slowly walked away笙ｪ
笙ｪAnd I realized my helplessness笙ｪ
Ta-da, we did it!
Wow!
笙ｪActually, I haven't let go笙ｪ
Oh, right, Qingyu.
The competition is in Jiangzhou.
Will your mom let you go?
笙ｪIt's just a pretense of silence笙ｪ
I have an idea.
笙ｪHow should I find comfort笙ｪ
笙ｪIn the unknown years ahead?笙ｪ
笙ｪDon't be so miserable anymore笙ｪ
笙ｪI walked alone
through this heartbreaking street笙ｪ
What do you think?
笙ｪHow can I forget
the sight of you turning back?笙ｪ
Why do you have to go to Jiangzhou
for the seminar?
I don't think Mumu ever mentioned
a Grade 3 recruitment seminar.
It's because the school
has high hopes for Qingyu.
You could rest or read on the train.
Make sure not to talk to strangers.
Take the chili sauce.
Qingyu.
I noticed you've been sneezing.
Take this flu medicine with you.
It's cold over there after all.
Okay.
Gosh, Dad.
Qingyu will only be gone for two days.
You can get everything in Jiangzhou.
Relax, you two.
[Qiao Qingyu, qualified
for the Starry Cup Dance Competition]
Be good and listen to your teacher.
If you're going out
for a meal or anything,
go with your friends.
Don't be going around by yourself, okay?
I heard Jiangzhou University
is a prestigious one.
Check the admission criteria
with your teacher.
If possible, you should apply.
Sure. I'll be off, then.
Take care.
Keep the money safe.
Don't worry about pinching pennies
while you're gone.
Spend when you need to.
Grab some drinks for your classmates.
It's good for networking.
Mister, here's the fare.
Got it.
I'm off.
Qingyu!
Take this.
What is it?
Something good.
Check it out when you're on the road.
Hey, take care of Mom.
Don't worry.
Go, or you'll miss the train.
Why keep this unlucky stuff?
Those were her last pair of shoes.
Her belongings.
Qiao Qingyu,
the qualification notice you hid
almost got found by Mom.
Dad saw it
and said nothing.
I also got Qiao Beiyu's dancing shoes
a while back.
You can have them.
Don't lose them again.
[Jiangzhou]
I don't see you.
I'm at the entrance.
I'm coming out.
I'm here!
[The 7th Youth Starry Cup
Dance Competition]
You already finished it?
It was too good.
Gosh, you have no idea.
When I went to take the crayfish,
those ladies were staring at me.
I was about to break out in sweat.
Haven't felt so embarrassed in a while.
Well, I've been craving for these
for a year.
You should try this.
Huh?
This is really nutritious
and appetizing.
After you drink it,
you'll probably eat
two more plates full.
Thanks a lot.
Here.
Just let me eat as I please.
I can't get this overseas, you know?
Go on, finish this plate.
I'll get you some more.
Okay, sure.
What's going on with you?
I can't believe
you actually asked me out.
Back then, when I came back,
I'd be the one asking you out.
It's because I've missed you.
As if.
I heard the girl
in the Starry Cup amateur group
is from Huanzhou High School too.
What was her name again?
Qiao Qingyu, right?
We're not friends.
But you know her.
By the way,
my dad is in a relationship.
That's normal.
I also heard
that you were their matchmaker.
I was trying to divert the attention.
This will save me
from his constant supervision.
It's annoying.
There's something important
I wanted to talk to you about
today.
What is it?
Chengyu has been
asking me to marry him.
Don't stare at me like that.
I wanted to hear from you
before I answered.
What are your true feelings
about him?
What a serious question.
Let me think.
You know, he is
the kind of person
who is free-spirited and open-minded.
A simple guy.
No matter what it is,
it's either yes or no.
He never over-thinks like I do.
One thing stood out to me though.
He told me
that you've been chasing after success.
Actually, success is simply
a natural outcome of hard work
applied to talent.
There's no need to pursue it.
Compared to success,
a happy, healthy life
is more important.
I think
his lifestyle and values
are unconsciously affecting me.
He's the kind
to get anxious
or lose sleep over things.
Unlike me.
I'm a perfectionist
and always afraid of making mistakes.
Personality-wise,
or should I say mentally,
we complement one another.
But there's one thing
that's been holding me back.
You know it.
I haven't been able to move on from it.
Mom.
Although
I'm unable to give you
any useful suggestions,
I still wish you happiness.
That's quite sudden.
Thank you.
I'm so tired.
Let's get some rest.
Hmm.
Hey, miss. Is there anyone inside?
I don't think so.
Thanks.
Their food was pretty good.
I can't believe
the amount of crayfish you ate though.
[Registration]
Ms. Anna.
This is your work pass.
Oh, thanks.
The competition will start
at 8 AM tomorrow.
Got it.
Sir, we're still unable to get through.
What's the matter?
Here's the thing.
The hotel notified us
that they had overbooked the rooms.
One of the amateur group participants
hasn't turned up,
nor did she leave any contact details.
So,
we weren't able to save a room for her.
Oh.
Who is it?
Qiao Qingyu?
This afternoon,
when I arrived at the hotel,
I saw a few girls
heading straight to the practice hall.
Maybe she's there.
You could try looking for her there.
Mom, can I have this?
Where are you going?
Hey, what are you doing?
I'm looking for someone.
We're closed.
I'm looking for someone!
笙ｪThe more we care,
the more careful we become笙ｪ
笙ｪCounting the distance that separates us笙ｪ
笙ｪA single step, and we'd be closer still笙ｪ
There is someone here.
Miss, why were you so careless?
笙ｪTurns out that what's on my mind笙ｪ
笙ｪIs your name笙ｪ
笙ｪThe only stubbornness in my heart笙ｪ
笙ｪAt first sight笙ｪ
笙ｪThe future has been determined笙ｪ
笙ｪDreams began to feel real笙ｪ
My mom is the guest judge
for this year's Starry Cup.
I asked her,
and she said your room was canceled
because you missed
the registration deadline.
The hotel is full,
but if you don't mind,
you can stay
in my room tonight.
笙ｪWhere the same story is held dear笙ｪ
As usual, you can have the bed.
I'll sleep on the sofa.
笙ｪCourage wasn't late too笙ｪ
笙ｪOnly then does time
not betray our acquaintance笙ｪ
If you don't dry your hair,
you might get sick tomorrow.
What's on your mind?
Well...
You seem to be always there
whenever I need help.
Are you feeling touched?
I don't want to owe you anything.
I expect
the favor to be repaid.
But not right now.
笙ｪPerhaps笙ｪ
笙ｪThe more we care,
the more careful we become笙ｪ
笙ｪCounting the distance
that separates us笙ｪ
笙ｪA single step,
and we'd be closer still笙ｪ
笙ｪIn the future笙ｪ
笙ｪTime will reveal this secret笙ｪ
笙ｪWaiting is a silent promise笙ｪ
笙ｪThat never expires笙ｪ
笙ｪTurns out that what's on my mind笙ｪ
笙ｪIs your name笙ｪ
笙ｪThe only stubbornness in my heart笙ｪ
笙ｪAt first sight笙ｪ
笙ｪThe future has been determined笙ｪ
笙ｪDreams began to feel real笙ｪ
笙ｪTurns out that what's on your mind笙ｪ
笙ｪIs a place笙ｪ
笙ｪWhere the same story is held dear笙ｪ
笙ｪFortunately, I'm not sensible enough笙ｪ
笙ｪCourage wasn't late too笙ｪ
笙ｪOnly then does time not betray
our acquaintance笙ｪ